[Update] golang example for developer guide (#9451)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-delete-data.md

Suppose you find an application error within a specific time period. You need to delete all the data for the [rating](/develop/dev-guide-bookshop-schema-design.md#ratings-table) within this period, for example, from `2022-04-15 00:00:00` to `2022-04-15 00:15:00`, and more than 10,000 records are written in 15 minutes. You can perform as follows.

<SimpleTab>
<div label="Java">

> In Java, the bulk-delete example is like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Java, the bulk-delete example is as follows:
```

}
```

> In each iteration, `DELETE` up to 1000 rows data in the time period from `2022-04-15 00:00:00` to `2022-04-15 00:15:00`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In each iteration, `DELETE` deletes up to 1000 rows data in the time period from `2022-04-15 00:00:00` to `2022-04-15 00:15:00`.
```

> In each iteration, `DELETE` deletes up to 1000 rows in the time period from `2022-04-15 00:00:00` to `2022-04-15 00:15:00`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each iteration, `DELETE` deletes up to 1000 rows from `2022-04-15 00:00:00` to `2022-04-15 00:15:00`.
```

</div>

<div label="Golang">

> In Golang, the bulk-delete example is like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Golang, the bulk-delete example is as follows:
```
